# README

## Task

### PhraseApp Ruby Developer - Coding Challenge

Thanks for taking the time to work on this small exercise. It will help us
understand your level of expertise, coding style and ultimately if weʼre going to
be a good fit :)

#### 1. Build

Your task: **Build a knowledge base with Rails**

- It should be possible to manage help articles that contain at least a
question and an answer
- It should be possible to list, view, create, update and delete articles
- Article should be automatically translated from English to German via
Machine Translation (Choose Microsoft Translate or Amazon Translate)
- Assume that the site will receive a lot of traffic
- The solution must be implemented mainly in Ruby/Rails
- We donʼt need user management or authentication
- We donʼt do scaffolding :)
- Youʼll get bonus points for writing tests

#### 2. Write the documentation

We believe writing documentation for our customers is important. Please write
a short summary in English that describes the solution youʼve built and how
customers should use it. 150-200 words (a few sentences) are sufficient.

Enjoy :)

----

## Documentation

### Intro

This is a web site written with Ruby on Rails. Web site contains list of articles with question and answers.

User can:
* create/read/update/delete articles
* see article in English and in German languages(article in German language is automatically translated with Amazon Translate)

Each article contains question/title and answer/content.

### Implementation

Next things should be add after code was generated by the scaffolding:
* Add translation feature
* Add caching to decrease number of requests to AWS
* Improve UI

Caching and translation are done in two files: `app/helpers/redis_helper.rb` and 
`app/helpers/articles_helper.rb`.
UI improvement is done mainly by changing views. 

#### Amazon Translate
Amazon Translate is used as translation for articles from English to German.
More information can be found: https://aws.amazon.com/translate/.
Implementation can be found here  `app/helpers/articles_helper.rb`

#### Redis
Redis is used for caching translated articles.
Implementation can be found - `app/helpers/redis_helper.rb`

#### Bootstrap
Bootstrap is used for better UI.

#### Rubocop
Rubocop is used to have one style for Ruby code.

**NOTE:** Due to time limitation tests were not implemented and scaffolding was used.

#### TODOs and improvements

- [ ] Clean unnecessary files
- [ ] Add tests - unit/functional(rspec?, cucumber?)
- [ ] Add support for multiple languages
- [ ] Improve performance

### Start application
0. Ruby, redis should be installed
1. Add environment variables to use Amazon Translate:
```bash
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<your key id>
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<your secret key>
export AWS_REGION=eu-central-1
```
2. Start server:
```bash
./bin/rails s
```
3. Go to http://localhost:3000
